Update `MWC 4K 2023` with team listings (#9783)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2023_4K/en.md

| ::{ flag=PL }:: | **Poland** | **[SitekX](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3840946)** |
| ::{ flag=PR }:: | **Puerto Rico** | **[\[LS\]Jadix](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/19735496)** |
| ::{ flag=RO }:: | **Romania** | **[Mich\_](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11784492)** |
| ::{ flag=RU }:: | **Russian Federation** | **[X\_Devil](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6694908)** |
| ::{ flag=SA }:: | **Saudi Arabia** | **[yui -](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/27404774)** |
| ::{ flag=SE }:: | **Sweden** | **[Emik](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3350987)** |
| ::{ flag=SG }:: | **Singapore** | **[sukidayo-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16870002)** |
| ::{ flag=TH }:: | **Thailand** | **[konkawe](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/15665805)** |
| ::{ flag=TW }:: | **Taiwan** | **[\[-NEinO-\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8630038)** |
| ::{ flag=UA }:: | **Ukraine** | **[LonBertZend](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10484445)** |
| ::{ flag=US }:: | **United States** | **[Nepijin](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11734610)** |
| ::{ flag=VE }:: | **Venezuela** | **[Edvo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8301758)** |
| ::{ flag=VN }:: | **Vietnam** | **[Lott](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13821222)** |

> Captains are listed in **bold**. Team listings are subject to change until the end of the signup period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Captains are listed in **bold**. Team listings are subject to change until the end of the sign-up period.
```
